# Some Video SDK

The documentation of this SDK is handled by an independent MkDocs project, and the API reference is generated by Doxygen.

This is version 0.3, but the API reference is almost the same as version 0.2. In general, this should not happen because a minor version bump should mean some non-breaking changes. However, this is just an example, so whatever.

The pros and cons of this approach (how we handle the documentation) listed below.

### Pros

- All the pages are properly versioned and can be easily tracked with git.
- Nice look and feel and rich features provided by `mkdocs-material`.

### Cons

- Only the main page, not the sub-sections, can be integrated into the sidebar of the main site.
- Although the search box looks similar to the main site, it cannot search the main site, and vice versa.
- Due to the above two reasons, the appearance of this documentation should be different from the main site, avoiding confusion.

## Sections

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   Getting Started

    ---

    Almost all the software projects provide a getting started guide, so we have one too.
    A guide for version controlling with `mike` is provided.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Getting Started](getting-started.md)

-   Examples

    ---

    The two use cases in the example section show how the code blocks look in `mkdocs-material`.
    Features like line numbers and copy button are enabled.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Examples](examples/index.md)

-   API Reference

    ---

    The API reference generated by Doxygen.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: API Reference](api/index.html)


</div>
